README.md, before:

# The Repro Book

[![Website](https://img.shields.io/website?url=https%3A%2F%2Flennartwittkuhn.com%2Frepro-book%2F)](https://lennartwittkuhn.com/repro-book/)
[![License: CC BY 4.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-CC_BY_4.0-lightgrey.svg)](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/)
[![Quarto Publish](https://github.com/lnnrtwttkhn/repro-book/actions/workflows/publish.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/lnnrtwttkhn/repro-book/actions/workflows/publish.yml)
[![Codespell](https://github.com/lnnrtwttkhn/repro-book/actions/workflows/codespell.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/lnnrtwttkhn/repro-book/actions/workflows/codespell.yml)
[![All Contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/all-contributors/projectOwner/projectName?color=ee8449&style=flat-square)](#contributors)

## Description

Welcome to the Repro Book, an open-source online learning resource on reproducible research.
The main goal of the Repro Book is to provide a companion online course text book for courses on reproducible research.

## Repository Structure

### Folders

`.github/workflows` is a folder that contains [GitHub actions](https://github.com/features/actions).
Currently, two automatic workflows run automatically.
This folder can be ignored for users who want to contribute to our book.

`_extensions` is a folder that contains Quarto extensions.
Currently, this book only uses the fontawesome-extension to create icons like this: {{< fa folder >}}.
This folder can beb ignored for users who want to contribute to our book.

`chapters`is the heart of the book.
The `chapters` folder contains all main chapters of the book.
The content of each chapter is stored in it's own `.qmd` file.
If you want to contribute with content and modify chapters or create new ones, this is main the place where your adjustments take place.

`images` is a folder that does not contain images (yet).
The images displayed in this book are stored in a [NextCloud](https://cloud.uni-hamburg.de/s/ifmfPkLJCqTELSC?).
If you want to contribute with images to this book, please upload your images to the NextCloud folder.
For an explanation how to use the images from NextCloud, see `contributing.qmd`.

`renv` is a folder that contains information about the R packages used in this book.
If your contributions include the utility of an additional R package, see `contributing.qmd` for how to modify the relevant files.

---

### Files

`.Renviron` TBA

`.Rprofile` TBA

`.all-contributorsrc` is a file where the contributors of this repro book are listed.
When you want to start working on this book, you will be included in this document.
Content contribution is not affected by this file.

`.codespellrc` is a file connected to a an automated codespell check at GitHub.
Content contribution is not affected by this file.

`.gitignore` is a file that specifies files and folders that should be ignored and not tracked by Git.
It prevents certain files or directories that are not essential for the project or generated during the development process from being included in the version history.
For more information about `.gitignore`, check out this [link](https://lennartwittkuhn.com/version-control-book/chapters/git-essentials.html#ignoring-files-and-folders-.gitignore)

`LICENSE` is a file where you can see what others are and are not allowed to do with this repro book.

`Makefile` TBA

`README.md` is the file you are currently reading. 
It provides basic information about a project and a description of a repository.

`_affiliations.yml` is a metadata-file that contains information about the affiliations the contributors work at.
If you contribute to this project and are affiliated to a different institution than University of Hamburg, you can extend the file for your institution.

`_authors.yml` is a metadata-file that contains information about the authors of this project.
If you contribute to this project as an author, you can extend the file for your information.

`_custom.scss` TBA

`_quarto-pdf.yml` TBA

`_quarto.yml` is a metadata-file that configures the project settings.
For example, it configures the book title and subtitle and how the book chapters are arranged.
If you contribute to this project with a new chapter, you have to add the location of the chapter in a meaningful way to the *chapters*-section in the `_quarto.yml`-file.

`_variables.yml` is a metadata-file that specifies variables in a project.
It is possible to use the variables in the files that constitute the chapters or similar.

`acknowledgements.qmd` is a closing book chapter where we describe which different tools we use for what.

`contents.qmd` is an opening book chapter where we describe what you can expect in each chapter.

`index.qmd` is a file that contains the content of the first site of the repro book.
It serves as the `cover` of the book.

`plausible.html` TBA

`references.bib` is a file that contains information about all the references we use in our book.
It is written using BibTex.
If you contribute to this book and add new references, please make sure that these references are stored in this file.

`references.qmd` is a closing chapter that lists all the mentioned references.
It is automatically generated from the `references.bib`-file.

`renv.lock` is a file that saves R packages and their versions used in this book.
If you contribute to this book and need additional R packages, please make sure that these packages are stored in this file.

`repro-book.Rproj` TBA

`summary.qmd` is a closing chapter of the book. 
It summarizes the most important insights.

## License

[Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International (CC BY 4.0)](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/deed.en)

For details, see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file.

## Contributors

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
<!-- markdownlint-disable -->
<table>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><a href="https://lennartwittkuhn.com"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/42233065?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt="Lennart Wittkuhn"/><br /><sub><b>Lennart Wittkuhn</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/lnnrtwttkhn/repro-book/issues?q=author%3Alnnrtwttkhn" title="Bug reports">🐛</a> <a href="https://github.com/lnnrtwttkhn/repro-book/commits?author=lnnrtwttkhn" title="Code">💻</a> <a href="#content-lnnrtwttkhn" title="Content">🖋</a> <a href="https://github.com/lnnrtwttkhn/repro-book/commits?author=lnnrtwttkhn" title="Documentation">📖</a> <a href="#design-lnnrtwttkhn" title="Design">🎨</a> <a href="#financial-lnnrtwttkhn" title="Financial">💵</a> <a href="#fundingFinding-lnnrtwttkhn" title="Funding Finding">🔍</a> <a href="#ideas-lnnrtwttkhn" title="Ideas, Planning, & Feedback">🤔</a> <a href="#infra-lnnrtwttkhn" title="Infrastructure (Hosting, Build-Tools, etc)">🚇</a> <a href="#maintenance-lnnrtwttkhn" title="Maintenance">🚧</a> <a href="#mentoring-lnnrtwttkhn" title="Mentoring">🧑‍🏫</a> <a href="#projectManagement-lnnrtwttkhn" title="Project Management">📆</a> <a href="#promotion-lnnrtwttkhn" title="Promotion">📣</a> <a href="#question-lnnrtwttkhn" title="Answering Questions">💬</a> <a href="#research-lnnrtwttkhn" title="Research">🔬</a> <a href="https://github.com/lnnrtwttkhn/repro-book/pulls?q=is%3Apr+reviewed-by%3Alnnrtwttkhn" title="Reviewed Pull Requests">👀</a> <a href="#security-lnnrtwttkhn" title="Security">🛡️</a> <a href="#talk-lnnrtwttkhn" title="Talks">📢</a></td>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><a href="https://github.com/justus-reihs"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/180428105?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt="Justus Johannes Reihs"/><br /><sub><b>Justus Johannes Reihs</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/lnnrtwttkhn/repro-book/issues?q=author%3Ajustus-reihs" title="Bug reports">🐛</a> <a href="https://github.com/lnnrtwttkhn/repro-book/commits?author=justus-reihs" title="Code">💻</a> <a href="#ideas-justus-reihs" title="Ideas, Planning, & Feedback">🤔</a></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

<!-- markdownlint-restore -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:END -->

Commit message:

Add information about remaining files to README.md

README.md, after:

# The Repro Book

[![Website](https://img.shields.io/website?url=https%3A%2F%2Flennartwittkuhn.com%2Frepro-book%2F)](https://lennartwittkuhn.com/repro-book/)
[![License: CC BY 4.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-CC_BY_4.0-lightgrey.svg)](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/)
[![Quarto Publish](https://github.com/lnnrtwttkhn/repro-book/actions/workflows/publish.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/lnnrtwttkhn/repro-book/actions/workflows/publish.yml)
[![Codespell](https://github.com/lnnrtwttkhn/repro-book/actions/workflows/codespell.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/lnnrtwttkhn/repro-book/actions/workflows/codespell.yml)
[![All Contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/all-contributors/projectOwner/projectName?color=ee8449&style=flat-square)](#contributors)

## Description

Welcome to the Repro Book, an open-source online learning resource on reproducible research.
The main goal of the Repro Book is to provide a companion online course text book for courses on reproducible research.

## Repository Structure

### Folders

`.github/workflows` is a folder that contains GitHub Actions workflows.
Currently, two automatic workflows run automatically.
This folder can be ignored by users who want to contribute to the book.

`_extensions` is a folder that contains Quarto extensions.
Currently, this book only uses the `fontawesome-extension` to create icons like this: `{{< fa folder >}}`.
This folder can be ignored by users who want to contribute to the book.

`chapters` is the heart of the book.
The `chapters` folder contains all main chapters of the book.
The content of each chapter is stored in its own `.qmd` file.
If you want to contribute with content and modify chapters or create new ones, this is main the place where your adjustments take place.

`images` is a folder that does not contain images (yet).
The images displayed in this book are stored in a [NextCloud](https://cloud.uni-hamburg.de/s/ifmfPkLJCqTELSC?) folder.
If you want to contribute images to this book, please upload them to the NextCloud folder.
For an explanation of how to use the images from NextCloud, see `contributing.qmd`.

`renv` is a folder that contains information about the R packages used in this book.
If your contributions include the utility of an additional R package, see `contributing.qmd` for how to modify the relevant files.

### Files

`.Renviron` is a file used in R that allows users to define environment variables.

`.Rprofile` is a file used in R that allows users to customize their R sessions by specifying code that should be executed every time R starts.

`.all-contributorsrc` is a file where the contributors of this project are listed.
When you want to start working on this book, you will be included in this document.
Content contribution is not affected by this file.

`.codespellrc` is a file connected to a an automated codespell check at GitHub.
Content contribution is not affected by this file.

`.gitignore` is a file that specifies files and folders that should be ignored and not tracked by Git.
It prevents certain files or directories that are not essential for the project or generated during the development process from being included in the version history.
For more information about `.gitignore`, check out this [link](https://lennartwittkuhn.com/version-control-book/chapters/git-essentials.html#ignoring-files-and-folders-.gitignore).

`LICENSE` is a file where you can see what others are and are not allowed to do with this project.

`Makefile` is a special text file that contains rules and instructions for automating the execution of software programs.

`README.md` is the file you are currently reading. 
It provides basic information about a project and a description of a repository.

`_affiliations.yml` is a metadata-file that contains information about the affiliations the contributors work at.
If you contribute to this project and are affiliated to a different institution than University of Hamburg, you can extend the file for your institution.

`_authors.yml` is a metadata-file that contains information about the authors of this project.
If you contribute to this project as an author, you can extend the file for your information.

`_custom.scss` is a used to customize the styling of Quarto documents by writing our own CSS (Cascading Style Sheets) rules.

`_quarto.yml` is a metadata-file that configures the project settings.
For example, it configures the book title and subtitle and how the book chapters are arranged.
If you contribute to this project with a new chapter, you have to add the location of the chapter in a meaningful way to the *chapters*-section in the `_quarto.yml`-file.

`_quarto-pdf.yml` is also a metadata-file that configures the project settings but only when we export the book to PDF.

`_variables.yml` is a metadata-file that specifies variables in a project.
It is possible to use the variables in the files that constitute the chapters or similar.

`acknowledgements.qmd` is a closing book chapter where we describe which different tools we use for what.

`contents.qmd` is an opening book chapter where we describe what you can expect in each chapter.

`index.qmd` is a file that contains the content of the first site of the repro book.
It serves as the `cover` of the book.

`plausible.html` is used to integrate [Plausible Analytics](https://plausible.io/), a privacy-focused web analytics tool.
This file serves as a way to include the necessary HTML code to track website or document usage without compromising user privacy.

`references.bib` is a file that contains information about all the references we use in our book.
It is written using BibTex.
If you contribute to this book and add new references, please make sure that these references are stored in this file.

`references.qmd` is a closing chapter that lists all the mentioned references.
It is automatically generated from the `references.bib`-file.

`renv.lock` is a file that saves R packages and their versions used in this book.
If you contribute to this book and need additional R packages, please make sure that these packages are stored in this file.

`repro-book.Rproj` is a project file used by RStudio, an integrated development environment for R.
It serves as a container for all files and settings related to a specific R project. 

`summary.qmd` is a closing chapter of the book. 
It summarizes the most important insights.

## License

[Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International (CC BY 4.0)](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/deed.en)

For details, see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file.

## Contributors

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
<!-- markdownlint-disable -->
<table>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><a href="https://lennartwittkuhn.com"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/42233065?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt="Lennart Wittkuhn"/><br /><sub><b>Lennart Wittkuhn</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/lnnrtwttkhn/repro-book/issues?q=author%3Alnnrtwttkhn" title="Bug reports">🐛</a> <a href="https://github.com/lnnrtwttkhn/repro-book/commits?author=lnnrtwttkhn" title="Code">💻</a> <a href="#content-lnnrtwttkhn" title="Content">🖋</a> <a href="https://github.com/lnnrtwttkhn/repro-book/commits?author=lnnrtwttkhn" title="Documentation">📖</a> <a href="#design-lnnrtwttkhn" title="Design">🎨</a> <a href="#financial-lnnrtwttkhn" title="Financial">💵</a> <a href="#fundingFinding-lnnrtwttkhn" title="Funding Finding">🔍</a> <a href="#ideas-lnnrtwttkhn" title="Ideas, Planning, & Feedback">🤔</a> <a href="#infra-lnnrtwttkhn" title="Infrastructure (Hosting, Build-Tools, etc)">🚇</a> <a href="#maintenance-lnnrtwttkhn" title="Maintenance">🚧</a> <a href="#mentoring-lnnrtwttkhn" title="Mentoring">🧑‍🏫</a> <a href="#projectManagement-lnnrtwttkhn" title="Project Management">📆</a> <a href="#promotion-lnnrtwttkhn" title="Promotion">📣</a> <a href="#question-lnnrtwttkhn" title="Answering Questions">💬</a> <a href="#research-lnnrtwttkhn" title="Research">🔬</a> <a href="https://github.com/lnnrtwttkhn/repro-book/pulls?q=is%3Apr+reviewed-by%3Alnnrtwttkhn" title="Reviewed Pull Requests">👀</a> <a href="#security-lnnrtwttkhn" title="Security">🛡️</a> <a href="#talk-lnnrtwttkhn" title="Talks">📢</a></td>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><a href="https://github.com/justus-reihs"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/180428105?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt="Justus Johannes Reihs"/><br /><sub><b>Justus Johannes Reihs</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/lnnrtwttkhn/repro-book/issues?q=author%3Ajustus-reihs" title="Bug reports">🐛</a> <a href="https://github.com/lnnrtwttkhn/repro-book/commits?author=justus-reihs" title="Code">💻</a> <a href="#ideas-justus-reihs" title="Ideas, Planning, & Feedback">🤔</a></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

<!-- markdownlint-restore -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:END -->
